src/projects/blog.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Blog with Gatsby"
date: "2019-11-04"
demo: 'https://optimistic-stonebraker-707e80.netlify.com/blog/null'
code: 'https://github.com/tenderbarbarian/track-stuff-react-app'
description: 'Headless React blog integrated with Contenful CMS. Uses Gatsby and GraphQL'
tech: ["React", "Gatsby", "GraphQL", "SCSS", "Javascript"]
iframe: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ'
---



https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ

## What is it?

It's a Headless React blog created with Gatsby and GraphQL. For post sourcing it is integrated with Contentful CMS. 

## Core technologies

<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/library-React-blue?style=flat&logo=react" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/framework-Gatsby-purple?style=flat&logo=gatsby" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-Contentful-yellow?style=flat&logo=Contentful" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styling-Sass-pink?style=flat&logo=Sass" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/backend-GraphQL-navy?style=flat" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/module--bundler-Webpack-lightblue?style=flat&logo=webpack" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/package--manager-Npm-darkred?style=flat&logo=npm" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-Netlify-aqua?style=flat&logo=Netlify" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/versioning-Git-red?style=flat&logo=Git" />
</p>


## PWA

Progressive web app with offline capabilities.

## Headless

Content comes from Contenful CMS. GrapQL to the rescue.

## Contact form

Includes spam filters and Captcha

## RSS feed

## Responsive asymetric layout (header, footer)

## Typography driven design

Commit message:

addef tables of content to .md

src/projects/blog.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Headless Blog"
date: "2019-11-04"
demo: 'https://optimistic-stonebraker-707e80.netlify.com/blog/null'
code: 'https://github.com/tenderbarbarian/track-stuff-react-app'
description: 'Headless React blog integrated with Contenful CMS. Uses Gatsby and GraphQL, deployed with Netlify'
tech: ["React", "Gatsby", "GraphQL", "SCSS", "Javascript"]
featuredImage: "./headless.jpg"
iframe: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ'
---

<!-- <details>
<summary>Click to expand</summary>

- [What is it?](#What-is-it)
- [Core technologies](#Core-technologies)
- [PWA](#PWA)

</details> -->
__Table of content:__
<!-- TOC -->

- [What is it?](#what-is-it)
- [Core technologies](#core-technologies)
- [PWA](#pwa)
- [Headless](#headless)
- [Contact form](#contact-form)
- [RSS feed](#rss-feed)
- [Responsive asymetric layout (header, footer)](#responsive-asymetric-layout-header-footer)
- [Typography driven design](#typography-driven-design)

<!-- /TOC -->

<!-- https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ -->
![Headless bog](./headless.jpg)

## What is it?

It's a Headless React blog created with Gatsby and GraphQL. The content is created with Contentful CMS. 

## Core technologies

<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/library-React-blue?style=flat&logo=react" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/framework-Gatsby-purple?style=flat&logo=gatsby" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-Contentful-yellow?style=flat&logo=Contentful" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styling-Sass-pink?style=flat&logo=Sass" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/backend-GraphQL-navy?style=flat" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/module--bundler-Webpack-lightblue?style=flat&logo=webpack" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/package--manager-Npm-darkred?style=flat&logo=npm" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-Netlify-aqua?style=flat&logo=Netlify" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/versioning-Git-red?style=flat&logo=Git" />
</p>


## PWA

Progressive web app with offline capabilities.

## Headless

Content comes from Contenful CMS. GrapQL to the rescue.

## Contact form

Includes spam bot filters and Google Captcha.

## RSS feed

## Responsive asymetric layout (header, footer)

## Typography driven design
