src/projects/IndoorPlants.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: 'IndoorPlants App'
demo: 'https://indoorplants.herokuapp.com/'
code: 'https://github.com/tenderbarbarian/indoorplants'
description: 'REST-ful CRUD hosted on Heroku. Stores data in MongoDB hosted by MongoLab'
tech: [ "Javascript", "Express", "NodeJS", "MongoDB", "Bootstrap"]
date: '2019-10-15'
featuredImage: "./indoorplants.jpg"
# iframe: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ'
---



![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants.jpg)

## What is it?

IndoorPlants is a web app for plants enthusiasts, to keep track and discuss their favourite species. It has typical CRUD functionality and follows REST-ful convention.

## Core technologies
<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/backend-NodeJS-bluegreen?style=flat&logo=Nodejs" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/server-Express-green?style=flat&logo=Express" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/database-MongoDB-darkgreen?style=flat&logo=MongoDB" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/package--manager-Npm-darkred?style=flat&logo=npm" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styling-Bootstrap-navy?style=flat&logo=Bootstrap" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-Heroku-lightblue?style=flat&logo=Heroku" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/versioning-Git-red?style=flat&logo=Git" />
</p>

## Main features

* Responsive design with __Bootstrap 4__
* Authentication
* Authorization
* Editable comments


<!-- ![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants2.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants3.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants4.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants5.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants6.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants7.jpg) -->

Commit message:

addef tables of content to .md

src/projects/IndoorPlants.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: 'IndoorPlants App'
demo: 'https://indoorplants.herokuapp.com/'
code: 'https://github.com/tenderbarbarian/indoorplants'
description: 'REST-ful CRUD hosted on Heroku. Stores data in MongoDB hosted by MongoLab'
tech: [ "Javascript", "Express", "NodeJS", "MongoDB", "Bootstrap"]
date: '2019-10-15'
featuredImage: "./indoorplants.jpg"
---
 <!-- iframe: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ' -->

__Table of content:__
<!-- TOC -->

- [What is it?](#what-is-it)
- [Core technologies](#core-technologies)
- [Main features](#main-features)

<!-- /TOC -->
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants.jpg)

## What is it?

IndoorPlants is a web app for plants enthusiasts, to keep track and discuss their favourite species. It has typical CRUD functionality and follows REST-ful convention.

## Core technologies
<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/backend-NodeJS-bluegreen?style=flat&logo=Nodejs" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/server-Express-green?style=flat&logo=Express" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/database-MongoDB-darkgreen?style=flat&logo=MongoDB" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/package--manager-Npm-darkred?style=flat&logo=npm" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styling-Bootstrap-navy?style=flat&logo=Bootstrap" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-Heroku-lightblue?style=flat&logo=Heroku" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/versioning-Git-red?style=flat&logo=Git" />
</p>

## Main features

* Responsive design with __Bootstrap 4__
* Authentication
* Authorization
* Editable comments


<!-- ![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants2.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants3.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants4.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants5.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants6.jpg)
![IndoorPlants](./indoorplants7.jpg) -->
