src/projects/Portfolio.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: 'Katarzyna Pohl - Portfolio'
code: 'https://github.com/tenderbarbarian/'
description: 'PWA with fluid images, dark mode, data sourcing from Markdown and through GraphQL'
tech: ["React", "Typescript", "Gatsby", "GraphQL", "SCSS"]
date: '2020-01-06'
featuredImage: "./portfolio1.jpg"
# iframe: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ'
---

<!-- ![portfolioCard](./kpohl.jpg) -->

## What it it?

This is a feature-rich portfolio project; with many things like SEO, speedy, optimized images or responsive design for all devices (mobile, tablet and desktop) already implemented and some more to come. Let's take a look at all the available features:

## Core technologies
<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/library-React-blue?style=flat&logo=react" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/framework-Gatsby-purple?style=flat&logo=gatsby" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styling-Sass-pink?style=flat&logo=Sass" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/backend-GraphQL-navy?style=flat" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/module--bundler-Webpack-lightblue?style=flat&logo=webpack" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/package--manager-Npm-darkred?style=flat&logo=npm" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-Netlify-aqua?style=flat&logo=Netlify" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/versioning-Git-red?style=flat&logo=Git" />
</p>

## Highly optimized
Despite being heavily SEO optimized performance and accessibility have also been a major factor when implementing this portfolio. This leads to a great Lighthouse result.

## Responsive
This portfolio is optimized for phones, tablets and desktops.

## PWA

Implements Progressive Web Apps features. With the help of manifest and web workers we get a product that functions offline and where wifi is unreliable. 

## Syntax highlighting
Code properly formatted is automatically highlighted by gatsby-remark-prismjs. The code lines are numbered and languages labeled for clarity.

Which gives us the desired effect: 

~~~javascript
class Person {
    constructor() {
        this.name = "Katarzyna Pohl";
        this.traits = ["DESIGN", "CODE", "CREATE"];
    }
    fun() {
        do{
            enjoy();
        } while( coding || drawing == play);
    }
}
~~~


## Strained eyes? DarkMode to the rescue!

By implementing a custom `use-dark-mode` React Hook and `.dark-mode` and `.light-mode` css classes, I've arrived at the two different switchable styles. After adding a toggle switch on the right side of the header, we get a fully functioning customizable dark/light mode. 

## Static pages
Project pages are build with GraphQL from markdown files within `src/projects` into static pages. Static pages are linked automatically, and they have ability to embed responsive video and codepen components. As well as syntax highlighting for codebase.

## Parallax Tilt Effect
Hopefully, you enjoyed playing with the tilt card on home page, I know I did. It's intended to be fun and playful. And honestly I had great time implementing it as well.

Curious as to how it works behind the scenes? 

In order to achieve the 3d parallax effect, there are two things that work in tandem: `react-parallax-tilt`  npm module and css styling. `react-parallax-tilt` does all the heavy lifting and computations, while css is the icing on top that deepens the 3D effect.

This bit of css elevates inner HTML from the surface of the card: 

```css
transform: translateZ(60px);
transform-style: preserve-3d;
```
And below the card there's an additional shadow: 
```css
box-shadow: -2px -2px 2px rgba(224, 223, 223, 0.1), 3px 3px 10px 1px rgba(36, 36, 36, 0.2);
```

## Super light weight contact form

Using a tiny `react-hook-form` library definitely improved my process of arriving at a super light weight great preforming contact form. In comparison, Redux-form and Formik give a less pleasant developer experience and trigger more rerendering.

## Speedy, optimized images

I've been playing with `gatsby-image`. It is a React component specially designed to work seamlessly with Gatsby’s GraphQL queries. It combines Gatsby’s native image processing capabilities (pretty slick) with advanced image loading techniques to easily and completely optimize image loading. 

Typically large, unoptimized images dramatically slow down a site. With `gatsby-image` I wrote a GraphQL query which creates multiple thumbnails with optimized JPEG and PNG compression. 

```JSX
const Image = () => (
  <StaticQuery
    query={graphql`
      query {
        placeholderImage: file(
          relativePath: { eq: "cv.jpg" }
        ) {
          childImageSharp {
            fluid(maxWidth: 1600) {
              ...GatsbyImageSharpFluid
            }
          }
        }
      }
    `}
    render={data => <Img fluid={data.placeholderImage.childImageSharp.fluid} />}
  />
);
```

The gatsby-image component automatically sets up the “blur-up” effect as well as lazy loading of images further down the screen. And then it displays to the user different images at different breakpoints, it's pretty sweet.

And we are done! 

 If you'd like to learn more or have any questions please feel free to contact me.
 Oh, and feel free to give it star on GitHub if you like.

Commit message:

addef tables of content to .md

src/projects/Portfolio.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: 'Katarzyna Pohl - Portfolio'
code: 'https://github.com/tenderbarbarian/'
description: 'PWA with fluid images, dark mode, data sourcing from Markdown and through GraphQL'
tech: ["React", "Typescript", "Gatsby", "GraphQL", "SCSS"]
date: '2020-01-06'
featuredImage: "./portfolio1.jpg"
---
<!-- # iframe: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ' -->
__Table of content:__
<!-- TOC -->

- [What it it?](#what-it-it)
- [Core technologies](#core-technologies)
- [Highly optimized](#highly-optimized)
- [Responsive](#responsive)
- [PWA](#pwa)
- [Syntax highlighting](#syntax-highlighting)
- [Strained eyes? DarkMode to the rescue!](#strained-eyes-darkmode-to-the-rescue)
- [Static pages](#static-pages)
- [Parallax Tilt Effect](#parallax-tilt-effect)
- [Super light weight contact form](#super-light-weight-contact-form)
- [Speedy, optimized images](#speedy-optimized-images)

<!-- /TOC -->
<!-- ![portfolioCard](./kpohl.jpg) -->

## What it it?

This is a feature-rich portfolio project; with many things like SEO, speedy, optimized images or responsive design for all devices (mobile, tablet and desktop) already implemented and some more to come. Let's take a look at all the available features:

## Core technologies
<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/library-React-blue?style=flat&logo=react" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/framework-Gatsby-purple?style=flat&logo=gatsby" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styling-Sass-pink?style=flat&logo=Sass" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/backend-GraphQL-navy?style=flat" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/module--bundler-Webpack-lightblue?style=flat&logo=webpack" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/package--manager-Npm-darkred?style=flat&logo=npm" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-Netlify-aqua?style=flat&logo=Netlify" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/versioning-Git-red?style=flat&logo=Git" />
</p>

## Highly optimized
Despite being heavily SEO optimized performance and accessibility have also been a major factor when implementing this portfolio. This leads to a great Lighthouse result.

## Responsive
This portfolio is optimized for phones, tablets and desktops.

## PWA

Implements Progressive Web Apps features. With the help of manifest and web workers we get a product that functions offline and where wifi is unreliable. 

## Syntax highlighting
Code properly formatted is automatically highlighted by gatsby-remark-prismjs. The code lines are numbered and languages labeled for clarity.

Which gives us the desired effect: 

~~~javascript
class Person {
    constructor() {
        this.name = "Katarzyna Pohl";
        this.traits = ["DESIGN", "CODE", "CREATE"];
    }
    fun() {
        do{
            enjoy();
        } while( coding || drawing == play);
    }
}
~~~


## Strained eyes? DarkMode to the rescue!

By implementing a custom `use-dark-mode` React Hook and `.dark-mode` and `.light-mode` css classes, I've arrived at the two different switchable styles. After adding a toggle switch on the right side of the header, we get a fully functioning customizable dark/light mode. 

## Static pages
Project pages are build with GraphQL from markdown files within `src/projects` into static pages. Static pages are linked automatically, and they have ability to embed responsive video and codepen components. As well as syntax highlighting for codebase.

## Parallax Tilt Effect
Hopefully, you enjoyed playing with the tilt card on home page, I know I did. It's intended to be fun and playful. And honestly I had great time implementing it as well.

Curious as to how it works behind the scenes? 

In order to achieve the 3d parallax effect, there are two things that work in tandem: `react-parallax-tilt`  npm module and css styling. `react-parallax-tilt` does all the heavy lifting and computations, while css is the icing on top that deepens the 3D effect.

This bit of css elevates inner HTML from the surface of the card: 

```css
transform: translateZ(60px);
transform-style: preserve-3d;
```
And below the card there's an additional shadow: 
```css
box-shadow: -2px -2px 2px rgba(224, 223, 223, 0.1), 3px 3px 10px 1px rgba(36, 36, 36, 0.2);
```

## Super light weight contact form

Using a tiny `react-hook-form` library definitely improved my process of arriving at a super light weight great preforming contact form. In comparison, Redux-form and Formik give a less pleasant developer experience and trigger more rerendering.

## Speedy, optimized images

I've been playing with `gatsby-image`. It is a React component specially designed to work seamlessly with Gatsby’s GraphQL queries. It combines Gatsby’s native image processing capabilities (pretty slick) with advanced image loading techniques to easily and completely optimize image loading. 

Typically large, unoptimized images dramatically slow down a site. With `gatsby-image` I wrote a GraphQL query which creates multiple thumbnails with optimized JPEG and PNG compression. 

```JSX
const Image = () => (
  <StaticQuery
    query={graphql`
      query {
        placeholderImage: file(
          relativePath: { eq: "cv.jpg" }
        ) {
          childImageSharp {
            fluid(maxWidth: 1600) {
              ...GatsbyImageSharpFluid
            }
          }
        }
      }
    `}
    render={data => <Img fluid={data.placeholderImage.childImageSharp.fluid} />}
  />
);
```

The gatsby-image component automatically sets up the “blur-up” effect as well as lazy loading of images further down the screen. And then it displays to the user different images at different breakpoints, it's pretty sweet.

And we are done! 

 If you'd like to learn more or have any questions please feel free to contact me.
 Oh, and feel free to give it star on GitHub if you like.
